Added getting started guide (#14)
cyber-crypt-com/encryptonize-core: documentation/getting_started.md

# Getting started

## Running Encryptonize Core locally (in Docker)

> In this section, you will be guided through how to get started with Encryptonize Core in Docker. This guide will use [gRPCurl](https://github.com/fullstorydev/grpcurl) to call the gRPC endpoints, but other tools can also be used.

Author: Fixed

### Requirements
- [Encryptonize Core](https://github.com/cyber-crypt-com/encryptonize-core)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started/)
- [gRPCurl](https://github.com/fullstorydev/grpcurl) or another tool to call the gRPC endpoints.

> #### Step 1: Start a local Docker Compose instance

Reviewer: There should probably be some mention of the config file with a reference to the manual.

Author: Fixed

```bash
docker-compose up
```

You now have a complete Encryptonize Core instance inside Docker. The gRPC API is running on the default port 9000.

Open another terminal and run the following command:

```bash
docker ps -a
```
The output will show that two containers, `encryptonize-core` and `cockroachdb`, are running.

#### Step 2: Bootstrap an initial user

```bash 

> docker exec <CONTAINER ID> ./encryptonize-core create-user <scopes>

Author: Fixed

```

Note down the generated credentials: `user_id` and `password`. They should be used to login to Encryptonize Core.

> #### Step 3: Login as initial user

Reviewer: An initial paragraph about what we're about to do would be nice: "We can log in with the initial user by...."

Author: Fixed

-d '{
      "user_id": <user_id>,
      "password": <password>
    }' 
localhost:9000 encryptonize.Authn.LoginUser
```
Output:
```bash
{
  "accessToken": <access token>,
  "expiryTime": "1653039503"
}
```
When logging in, an access token is returned. The user needs to pass this token as gRPC metadata in all future calls in order to be authorized.

#### Step 4: Create a second user
The initial user can create a second user, but only if the initial user was provided with the `USERMANAGEMENT` scope. In the following code example, the second user is provided with all possible scopes.

Input:
```bash
grpcurl -plaintext -H "authorization: bearer <access token>" 
-d '{
      "scopes": ["READ", "CREATE", "INDEX", "OBJECTPERMISSIONS", "USERMANAGEMENT"] 
}' 
localhost:9000 encryptonize.Authn.CreateUser
```
Output:
```bash
{
  "userId": "44c8fa82-f8ed-46b0-94d1-8921a19c0d62",
  "password": "Vju86gvJTEKK9zBIZAHloa2K0y2Vw_eJC7icmmCP-jc"
}
```

#### Step 5: Use Encryptonize Core to encrypt an object
In the following code example, the user will encrypt a very simple object.

Input:
```bash
grpcurl -plaintext -H "authorization: bearer <access token>" 
-d '{
      "plaintext": "1234", 

>       "associated_data": "5678"

Reviewer: Maybe something more illustrative like "sensitive plaintext data" and "metadata about the plaintext"

Author: It gives me an "Illegal base64 data" error. Should I convert the strings in some way?

Reviewer: Ah, right, I forgot that it expects base64. We can leave it like this then.

}' 
localhost:9000 encryptonize.Core.Encrypt
```
Output:
```bash
{
  "ciphertext": "Mpv3wlW0nHnBbXDtGT4Eqa24o57MpQpcxCiRj8M5SO1x56A=",
  "associatedData": "5678",
  "object_id": "a9a909b9-6019-488d-bfb4-b8b4243ae177"
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Briefly explain the output, e.g. the associated data is authenticated and bound to the ciphertext and the OID is needed to decrypt later.

Author: Fixed

### Step 6: Shut down the Encryptonize Core instance

> You can either press `Ctrl-C`, or you can shut down to two running containers one at a time by running:

Reviewer: This can be replaced with a simple `docker-compose down`.

Author: Fixed

### Requirements
- [Encryptonize Core](https://github.com/cyber-crypt-com/encryptonize-core)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started/)
- [gRPCurl](https://github.com/fullstorydev/grpcurl) or another tool to call the gRPC endpoints.

By default Encryptonize Core reads its configuration from the TOML file [config.toml](../config.toml), but it is possible to provide another configuration file or to overwrite specific configuration options. For more information, see the [Configuration](user_manual.md#configuration) section in the user manual.

#### Step 1: Start a local Docker Compose instance

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

You now have a complete Encryptonize Core instance inside Docker. The gRPC API is running on the default port 9000.

When running the following command,

```bash
docker ps
```
the output will show that two containers, `encryptonize-core` and `cockroachdb`, are running.

#### Step 2: Bootstrap an initial user

```bash 
docker exec encryptonize-core ./encryptonize-core create-user m
```

> The `m` at the end of the code line above means that the user is provided with the `USERMANAGEMENT` scope. A user can be provided with any number of scopes, see a list of all possible scopes in the [Managing Users](user_manual.md#managing-users) section in the user manual. If a user should be provided with all possible scopes, then the `m` above should be replaced by `rciom`. Note that a user must be provided with the `USERMANAGAMENT` scope in order to be able to add other users which is why `m` was given in the code example above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last parameter sets the scopes for the initial user. For more details on scopes see the the [Managing Users](user_manual.md#managing-users) section in the user manual. In this example we create the user with the `USERMANAGEMENT` scope. Note that a user must be provided with the `USERMANAGAMENT` scope in order to be able to create other users.
```
